update doc for list partition table (#5087)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: ON
- This variable is used to set whether to enable the `TABLE PARTITION` feature:
    - `ON` indicates enabling Range partitioning, Hash partitioning, and Range column partitioning with one single column.
    - `AUTO` functions the same way as `ON` does.
    - `OFF` indicates disabling the `TABLE PARTITION` feature. In this case, the syntax that creates a partition table can be executed, but the table created is not a partitioned one.

> ### `tidb_enable_list_partition` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tidb_enable_list_partition <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA</span>
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > Currently, List partition and List COLUMNS partition are experimental features and you are not recommended to use them in a production environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Currently, List partition and List COLUMNS partition are experimental features. It is not recommended to use them in a production environment.
```
